hello fillable player some welcome again
here finally some self become me to
gameplay again here and welcome around
this is some kind of old video I'm I
think I record this for weeks or five
open now for weeks or so ago because I
got really a lot of requests that i
should do a kile good stuff gameplay
video or montage or something like that
so but I didn't want to do a montage
also played a whole game with it then as
a primary weapon here I used to scar I
think and and I of course i use the
explosive upgrade which where it the
explosive diamond do more damage which
is awesome with the kill ghost stuff and
I know it I mean this setup is like the
a bit like teen youtubers and modern
warfare 2 i'm very annoying when you get
killed by someone but i actually since i
got the game and they're really played I
think about how many hours of something
about that company online so far and
this match was the second time I ever
touched the coal good stuff because I
just like the RPG more and just like
taking out tanks when I play the
engineering I really don't don't think
I'm your turbulent me from esse é m you
should run around with this setup maybe
you can use it here and there and or if
use it if you're really struggling to
get some points in battlefield to unlock
the staff and and so on but it's real
annoying when you get killed for this
setup but anyways I got so many requests
away I thoughts himself let's tries out
for one round and in the end I got a
positive kitty and it was really good
match for me and I think not the most
awesome score but I hope you like anyway
send if you do pull a story comes back
to my channel if you haven't read en and
I also want to say thank you to all the
new subscribers who subscribe to me over
the last two not weeks and there are a
lot of them so thanks well sport guys
and I hope you will like my videos in
the future too so stay tuned for some
more battle comic two waves again for me
um yeah um
and I got so many questions while I
didn't upload any videos the last two
and a half weeks or near three weeks and
it's simply that I was out of town on
vacation and I also couldn't respond to
any of you guys comments or questions or
stuff like that because I actually was
in Turkey and for some reason they
interviewed a block sites like YouTube
and some source like video sites like
that them so it was a bit annoying but
anyways I mean so don't be mad at me or
sad that I didn't respond to all your
questions because there were just too
many questions and too many counts over
two weeks and I can't read all of them
right now and go answer answers and I
will try to answer some of them when I
have a good time but it's just too much
for me right now and I really don't have
like I'm really that much time to play
right now I mean as a sad this game
please bit old I think I recover just on
vacation and I think it's four weeks old
so i only played this one round which is
set up and lecture was pretty I think
it's pretty entertaining to watch so
pissed off and of course I all right
Andrea again speed up the the slow paced
and things in this game play a more
boring stuff so I hope you like it or at
least the guys like you to request this
gameplay and and also maybe I should
have in the set up Houston another
primary weapon but if you are watched
all my or a lot of mob alpha become a
tube videos game place I probably know
that the scar is my favorite a cinching
up the cow is the strongest I don't I
know that it's not fast but just like it
that'll of this weapon the scar and but
here without the Magnum ammunition scar
is a bit too weak maybe maybe I should
have used to ump or another or the
pp-2000 or something like that would
have been better with the big clip size
of the two pp-2000 but anyways as that I
managed to get my score in the end or
positive Kitty had late
and actually was pretty easy because I'm
not playing that often with tickle good
stuff so I'm not I'm missing a lot of
shots here and they're so and a really
big downside of the SAT abyss we're
going just for Coco stuff only kills
that the reload time is very long
between the shots but again it was a
pretty much gameplay and I hope you like
it and I and again I have a hand-laid
about the pan for about three weeks now
so I will try to get back into it then
try to get good at it again I hope it
won't take me too long and hope that I
get soon can post some another nice
gameplay for you guys and again if you
have a request or something I'm for a
specific weapon gameplay video or um
some weird combinations or stuff like
that and just post a comment then when I
hey half the time and I get again
comfortable with the game or warm-up
game and get my email right and stuff
like that back so i will try to record
some gameplay and posting for you guys
and because you guys are awesome and
again i say thank you to all my
subscribers and i really got a lot of
them in the last two weeks where what
was at the town and its really awesome
see all the support and i think maybe i
will make the two thousand subscribers
in your future so that that was really
awesome to see an epic suicide for me
and and that was epic fail but you see a
thousand three and point so far is
another bad first time a team right now
so with this weird newish combination
here but well I think and the so
gameplay again here the next to side
this is a double two suicides in a row
and will a new wish but for me or played
really bad here but you know sometimes
some shit like that happens in the game
and
I thought it was pretty funny here here
through the awesome kill with the
clicker stuff in the back from Atlantic
you see again really long reload time
and we're gonna do we got it down and
this is part 1 of 2 so please also check
out for two when it's online and I will
try to get it online as soon as i can
and recruit commentary and edit the
gameplay may well and I think this part
is coming tonight here in a few seconds
so again please rate comment subscribe
my channel if you like my videos and
please also farm up this video helps me
alot out so thanks guys and see you in
42 and take care